Docs (autonomy service): Add chain profile options (#2261)
valory-xyz/open-autonomy: docs/advanced_reference/commands/autonomy_service.md

`--dry-run`
: Perform a dry run for the transaction.

`--use-celo`                      

> :   Use the `Celo` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Use the Celo chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.
```
Please apply these changes on the rest of entries (leave only 1 space after :   and remove code quotes on chain names)

:   Use the `Optimistic Sepolia` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

`--use-optimistic`                
:   Use the `Optimistic` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

`--use-arbitrum-sepolia`          
:   Use the `Arbitrum Sepolia` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

`--use-arbitrum-one`              
:   Use the `Arbitrum One` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

`--use-chiado`                    
:   Use the `Chiado` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

`--use-gnosis`                    
:   Use the `Gnosis` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

`--use-polygon-mumbai`            
:   Use the `Polygon Mumbai` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

`--use-polygon`                   
:   Use the `Polygon` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

`--use-ethereum`
:   Use the `Ethereum` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

> `--use-goerli`                    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--use-goerli`
```

:   Use the `Goerli` chain profile to interact with the Autonolas Protocol registry contracts.

> To use these chain profile, you will have to export an environment variable for RPC in `<CHAIN_NAME>_CHAIN_RPC` format. For example if you want to use `ethereum`, you will have to export `ETHEREUM_CHAIN_RPC` and for `polygon-mumbai` it would be `POLYGON_MUMBAI_CHAIN_RPC`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these chain profiles, you have to export an environment variable for RPC in `<CHAIN_NAME>_CHAIN_RPC` format. For example if you want to use Ethereum (`--use-ethereum`), you have to export `ETHEREUM_CHAIN_RPC`. For Polygon Mumbai (`--use-polygon-mumbai`) you have to export `POLYGON_MUMBAI_CHAIN_RPC`, and so on.
```

!!! note

>     The chain profile flags are mutually exclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The chain profile flags (`--use-ethereum`, etc.) are mutually exclusive.
```
